The death toll from a cyclone that hit Madagascar about 10 days ago has risen to 51, with another 22 people reported missing, authorities said on Sunday. Tropical Cyclone Ava passed through Madagascar.In a bid to stave off Day Zero, the City of Cape Town is drilling its aquifers to abstract groundwater, which are expected to offer much needed water relief for the drought stricken city. “I [recently].This paper reports the seismic vulnerability of vernacular Newari buildings based on the damage observations during four major earthquakes (1934, 1988, 2011 and 2015) that struck Bhaktapur city. Two consecutive years of failed rains have left 3.4 million Kenyans in need of food aid and 480,000 children requiring treatment for acute malnutrition.A few days just after the Vice President, Dr. Saulos Chilima visited areas which were affected by disaster due to heavy and stormy rains in Mzuzu City, stormy rains Tuesday afternoon destroyed 52 houses.The cyclone that slammed into Madagascar last week has claimed a total of 36 lives, with 20,000 people displaced by flooding, heavy rain and high winds, authorities said on Wednesday. KOLKATA: The city is experiencing its longest cold spell since 2004. With the minimum temperature remaining 10.9°C on Wednesday, it turned out to be the sixth consecutive day of sub-12°C in Kolkata. NEW DELHI: The mercury again fell to 4.2 degrees Celsius on Tuesday — three notches below normal. This was the capital's joint coldest day of the season.NEW DELHI: The mercury again fell to 4.2 degrees Celsius on Tuesday — three notches below normal. This was the capital's joint coldest day of the season.Guwahati: The flood situation in Assam deteriorated today as the second wave of deluge affected 25 of its 32 districts claiming 10 more lives, besides displacing 33 lakh people.The Army was assisting the civil administration in rescue and relief operations as the Brahmaputra river and its tributaries were flowing above their danger levels snapping surface communications in many parts of the state.
